yes
I invite you to the workshop that we edit
eyes in an assiduous way as for
marketing called call
telephone is a workshop aimed at
all those of grant of the
organization that have contact with the
customers or by potential customers and
who use the phone as a
tool to serve customers
or to attract new customers by doing
outgoing calls to me
I like it a lot and I love this workshop
because we put together 5 6 10 people all
we talk on the phone and we get rich
with the experience of each one for me
the flame is must be very professional
to prevent you from being cut and the
purpose is the outgoing call is
get information
know who is the contact in the company
which he calls
and start to inquire know the client
the potential client say when
someone calls by phone to make a
business the first thing you will do is
introduce yourself and start consulting the
potential client about the different
Weekday reasons say first
is used a lot is called to add
consult hello good afternoon we call
to make a query we never call
to sell that is our goal is
sell but the goal of selling is going to
be covered up in that the client does not
like to be invaded or do not like to be
sell what we are looking for is work of the
emphasized trust and demonstrate that the
power of the client that is the reason for
call is to do a business and that
that business does not benefit
mutually then if someone calls by
phone hello good afternoon good morning
call for action to consultations from
there the person who receives the call is
understands
and called to sell the product I'm
calling for a consultation then
when he stretches he says yes in what
I can help there are looks the question I
would like to contact a person in charge
Shopping
I would like to contact the person
sales manager
or I would like to know how to introduce myself
the company of you
and there come the silences is very
important to handle the silences hundreds
workshops
the theoretical part is difficult to overturn in
a role you have to live it and you have to
experience it even with the tone of voice
then when the report continues in that
I can help you communicated with the boss
of purchases by others to the same attends
the head of purchases by head of systems
I did hello good afternoon we called for
make a query speaks augusto criminal
can I talk so far about calling
by phone I did not even say which companies
or link or for what we carry but I
I'm getting into the company 's
client in the client's office and in
the mind as very easy step
gradually to prevent that
potential client feels invaded and
What I'm looking for is making him feel comfortable and
achieve a dialogue that usually only
you have to give the telephone operators the
people call you turn on a cassette speech
instead of listening to the sale that
listen I call with listening and for
put myself at the disposal of the other and good
this is a very important issue that there
to keep in mind because generally
it produces a lot of frustration the people who
It communicates by phone calls ago
many calls for days usually
If we are wrong path or not
we know how to apply we go back to zero and
we apply another direct technique and or
I invite you to write me and we can
put together an acertante in the company to
you or my offices another one that was
convenient but it is very important that
the sellers or the people who have
Contact with customers know how to make
calls thank you very much